S o rry I AmS o Hard On Y o uByCarl Aagesen

Prologuethe wind gets out - whistled. inhabiting frequently terror & dreams like only the best have in secret emptiness a compliment heard & afraid to come away. the monsters of insatiable self have passed & the sky touches them: morning. one sky, many claim a moan like some devil need some body terribly. high winds whistle through the wind organ.before i got to you, friend, i prayed you were safe. i prayed behind a fire, believing in a super-energy, hiding out in some sick mall basement calling for your cat. i will call on your cat too, for all the others missing the funny sting of a bright rain cooling on our skin in the wind & waiting all of the time it takes to remember it again.it is not such an affair to break into one's own dwelling. there is a thing about the attention, for you witness death working like bees, relentlessly despairing, feeling the self as a scar on time contained in a full stop. you are not here to be pleased.
suicide is the most serious issue one person may confrontso now i feel embarrassed. will you sing at me!will you whinny through your tiny teeth & gravel glass, tug onthat quarter's mangy mane, a feign in your eyes poking out eerie delight sleight in the frame of seizure?ladies & gentlemen! the club you were invited to: it is all rolling over rover. i push you. we push everyone, but i push my goodness! you are smiling safely with your eyes. i don't have memories i have skies i freak out & about the wide open spaces.Some thing is bound to happen, because that's what life is. it will be some birds, what some birds will be. along with that notion, when the things burst forth i am organized already, authentic & gay.
i should be sleeping. it is late, i am tired, things have infiltrated my heart, i worry for others' sake in their hearts & i worry about their hearts. today on the bus you turned to look at me & i know at times in the day that i am viciously connected to you just you will not expel me again!there is no wonder now. moods invade, not in totality but they often erupt into the day. the channel wears the air out of itself, but for now the channel is not you but becomes you & begins as the cranes pull their fat heads out of the sand. if there is a turn, there is at least one wheel. they starve of you precious, plexus to plexus. come now, you know you emerged from this concrescence of pain & back lively.caution! every thing begins tomorrow, & do not waste. lord don't know what hammer we take come morning, i let it stand! eventually we will know that it is for no men, for play is there & there is no care in it.
you say to come up come be with me all nightcan we still call you i am not me i am notasking, "remember when we had nothing"?we never had nothing - i wish you would come have nothing with me, i wish nothing for you i am wearing ammo belts of lipstick & perfume & i (curb me some awful goad) i was trying to be kind i was asking to be kin. i was asking to bejames i was ashley to be james i was weaving for my hands i was lovely for my milk i was twisted for my crescent light come closer
dear god, idon't mind. i thoughti heard you honk. did you honk? you left your brush hereoh & i love tori amos, always have hell sister you aremy honey king
we are living in an instant society everything must be quick & everything must be big & it all has to be nowwhat is your dream? it is to be skinny.
City Catwhen i see a field i say to it, field, I am youbut we see me none. though you are, tumbling prairieof people i am alone, even though i know people, they are my very favorite people still, any thing any body says to me becomes a problem.i cannot see them because i cannot bear looking upon their beautiful faces! i hide from them & i want to cry. if i know someone, i am not inclined to conjure anyi am actually keeping out the crypt,some thing for which i am late. the worst is not returningto the source, but that there will be some narrow concept of we. i know i wont want to return, not fused if i am become anyone named you.
where there is sunshine, there is only sunshine. there are no illumined paths or stingy bees, we are all of us coming outin an wash & it really isn't scary in the something of a faceof an awareness for nothing we have ever done is so great & i, for one, am not ashamed the wit won't gather.nothing can shame some thing as me, just one flashing wildcat. i am the only one flashing wildcat running in all of the stupid tunnels under this city & to me the city is very quiet & so is my charge & so are my silent grinning fangs but i am flashing huge & bright so you should see me.
things are not wrong for me when i wake up i don't scream or cry or anythingbut smile. there are drapes at my windows that make all of my light purple to me in my purple room my toes look like little nunsthey are no more ready to begin the day than imy purple stuffed koalas my purple stuffed squirrelsget to stay here all day but it is wrong for me to envy themif i lived somewhere else with no drapes i might see a magpie out my window in the sun & like clockwork every morning hear the techno remix of a crystal bell ringing in my ears. i am stillmade by everything happy
i am not through the day for it is not yet mine. do one thing & let it be. do one thing & let it be good. you will die writing. do not write.i hate the sounds of most of these words anyway. there is this thing about us making noise that doesn't seem to change. words, your dungeonness, can never help. they come in, they come out & who cares? every bang knows how broken it is & the town (because it would be a town, now wouldn't it?) is in its death throes! We have much dying to do & we need fewer words for a thing like that
i wanted to write about some shaman with tiny birds bursting from the mouth replenishing the very skin of the earth tributaries, crinkling & nourishing shrubs popping & blinking green & red some archetype burning up in sandbut i hate the word shaman, ihate the word like ihate the word poet, because of the waypeople say it, or the way people know it makes me cringe before something i'm too closeto, like when i hear the name of somebodyi loved for too longor when an old song comes on &i know there is no against whichto push or dance there are just lotsof hearts that keep things sacred& share with them a fondness that's too hardin my face like violence, like samenesslike hunger, like proper& tire me this longestportion: innocenceawake & keen desireor something bigger
mick turner always tangleswhile an harmonica slides in.i knew my glasses were going to break today, the superglue was getting weak. so,in the middle of class, i cried,"why do you call me crazy?you forget you're crazy too?"We were supposed to make three vessels of course, I didn't know what to do.I didn't want a black hole to eatmy diamonds, for crying out loud! Nothing should be repeated three times. There are more things that are brokenbut I forget them. All of us fly our own admission past the teeming hoards, like, scoot along you suckers! the boat driver, the miller, the wheelwright & all those kids on the bus talking to the soupflyat the back, bringing the clippers & asking,"how for we to have met you, boat driver?" All of my privileges have caked to the walls.who would have done this to me but you?You did this to me. it was you.
man can not live on muscle relaxants alonei am at buffalo wild wings with myselfyou'd have to be pretty gymnastic to ignore these neon spheres sleep-dancing into our collections of computerized scars, ours, terrain at odds & colored tongues dry, tense, poisedi pretty much you pretty much mespear me all my filthy vestmentsall i can think of is my king who eats or i would just eat my clonescry, are you the sport of beingbrave at the buckle of one hundred minds so you do bad things?
i will not die terribly if no one is lookingthe sun will not come out tomorrow, there is no tomorrow. i am not trying to teach you anything, baby - i don't know where anywhere is, or care but everywhere else is worse& in stitches this very second, the seamof the Indian Rope Trickcurling up my lifecoming down like an anvil from the stratosphere homecoming handmaidenhomecoming mid-wife
people butter you up, then say scary stuffit is enough. i spend my tenses, i mourn & mix them, confused so & scavenging every day i amamong me & my people me gather what me can whistling, slowly ambling on a bmx all over town unwittingly, tread-lightedly cruising scaredstanding up
i want 2 crack openi want a strange dove i don't want an huge dove i want a green leg i just have a normal legi want to have a gluttonous toad for a changei want to have a special time, i don't want the mojo to swell i want daphne's cape, nothing more.i don't want any big serious shit! i want you to recognize me i don't want prostate cancer, i want to live with witches!i don't want to work it out, i want whats best buti don't want to count. i want a fat partyi don't want any empires, jingles or inexact proportions i just want a kazoo or a cow or this fake skull i wanti don't want you to haunt me i want you to want mei don't want to hulk out i want comfy blanketsi don't want to have to spell out what i want,i want a wing i want a skate wing i want precious timesis that too much to ask?
i don't want any complexes, military industrial or otherwise recreational systems of equations or rigid administrations figure-headed by fire-breathing dragons.i want all the dishes to be donei want all decisions to be made by someone elsei want to give a mouse a cookie, i want an indian in a cupboard& some organic dill
i will mess upgun noisesthey say some thingscalcify your braini don't know what that isit is probably happening to meyou think you get better but you get worse more places need mirror mazesi am seeing the cook of realitythe tons of stinking filth i could freebase all of my time with you & wake upstill for dessertwake me when there is dessertthey are my privileges, you cry now eat them!i cry you made me want to cry you just made me want to cry
my heroin made me cryi used to lie next to you & know there was no one further no one more outside of my self than youyou is coming out of youyou being you is not some thing you practice & suddenly a wash of flame, youspare no onea mind erodes it is not an wonderthe two hemispheres at odds purposeful & murderous
Vampiresthe future is forgetting y'all feed me grapes. i am just, soi am just so tired. stop abruptly, spell out 'fire in cairo' & askallow us anywhere, fang?i felt my molecules pop in the twilight we were all finally roasted & disappeared together & i heardwe were little vessels, toolittle bloody donutsworry the virus, catch it like a softballbabe, we understand you can not possibly be in it to end it
Vampires, Tooi crawl toward, sugar-temptedprick & simper like a bugeating honey-ants & an head, aching, hanging upside-down in punishmenti don't think i wasso aloneold key new keynothing sounds quite like the presentonly neutral no mercystay! apple-eating bat socksi am sung to the muzzle my stomach, too little red-headed undead girlthe river-red filaments redbud sap-soakedbrush upagainstin attent
when you wake during the middle of the night & your face is all hot so you rub your face really hard with your hand & you hand still smells like ice cream. your neck hurts &your eyes must be solved because there isn'tany truth & you are not out-maneuvering yourself. the hallway is your hallway, where you're living now, where you're hiding out. you've got nothing & you've got gatorade. you've got enough comfort to spook a self the way belief projects a thought too anthropocentric for it to be familiar, so you believe & you project & i project too, peopledon't like to hear about it but it's true &it is not the same slope anymore but we arestill walking up, i say, we are still waking up every day, silvery bright strike to say hello
i hope i never run to the demons i call out with my one heart i hope i always scream,"they stole this country, those bastards!" yet it all sounds like a nursery rhyme to me cranes skating through the sky, each of us closer to riding some poor old bone into the sinking sun.
water fames inlighting down shinglesgets harder, so what-it's the rain don't try& confuse me rain awayfrom doorbells, rainaway from strangers' rainto the arcade rain to the parkin the grass barefoot rain, yourain away silent, rain awayspare, we rain inside away fromrain but we rain inside laughingbecause of it too. pray caught sweetlyor drained discreetly or could it still bethe baghdad battery, the waves of dismissal we wave through the window in the rainon the poorest, earliest morning rainto ever come because the pure timing of the thing would grasp what was beautiful in that rainor i will never come out of that special sweet-smelling conundrumof nausea, nostalgia, insomnia& all other memories of similar rains
one of your birds was bleeding beat her wings immediately yes, we are all affectedbut your cats are brilliant& similarly, your cat is a genius.familiar territory is also dangerousfamiliar territory is just as dangerous: i haven't eaten. i have come to treasure solitude. loathe & desire it as well so much for my stupid goals so muchfor my future sorry i am so hard on yousorry i am so hard.you are the cat burglar of mei will whip on my nag 'tillyou condemn me & vengeance, i was pleased to be repulsive to awe-struck you as i struck you
this was the time we were out of had i fallen into the sinki told you to stay awayfrom me so i am just so justjust as bad as hei must refuse for weeks i'venothing but grapes & i cutmy hand while dancing to madonnai hurt myself deep& i shoot so hardi look for some pills - the more i eat, the more i eat & the less i care,the less i carei want to know what is going on every thing is the same thingor even some kind of different thing than that
often time bickers onlike some sceneat a restaurantor closed museumsof jurassic technology. this time with old friends drunk & running to save my sister's life & slay her oppressor but there was mexican food in my mouth first of all, falling asleep by the ocean, flying kites asleep on the floor, on the sofa, at airportssome of us both are asleep at the boring matineewith my brother. sometimes just plum at death's door, bringer of cupcakes! sometimes listening to a voice saying i know you i want to know you do not run away
get one thing composed as if my responsibility doesone thing make me a hypocriteor just labels? every newer cure getsmore. you wouldn't think there were so many people ever in the worlddriving through town, isn't it nice that all those tiny bugspick parts of the sky to swoop around like electrons & the locomotive clackcoming by until your voice is the room i'm in, buzzing through triumphant tubes,bright twinkles of proof like a drum, right, & the babies are crying & big mouths grin in the fireworks dancing walls drop, give in to where the roomgives you room too super size you for your blood boils & steersthrough the stars when you catch a real quiet sound, it's thin too so you go with it, kinda. justas you say you never have to be heroes againyou plug into the light, yaddi-yaddi yaa best you realize take advantage before it leaves townyou get hooked, leaning, pulling & spinning just one sound
amusement supplycreatures eeking out of sacseach man of war ready for his promyou are nowhere without laughing & nobody there is laughing with younobody quits happiness owls & happiness agree happiness owlsso you have no more antics willed to me that's okay, i am into amusement supply,nobody wake up. cry
environmental spyingyou come into the mood- you think it's entertainment but you are your own angry rhinoceros in the citya gnarly fist of noise, the pealing of the bellsreal laugh, right after the fake oneyou could come away again, the ice doesn't look back & doesn't look away it only looks awesome.this chair isn't mine, mine is the one on fire i know you are not a mind-readeri did not mean to evaporatei enjoyed our time together very muchare you in poor spirits?i wish you the world on a biscuit brother, my life felt hopelessi just spent the daythe only wayrear-view
not fleeing, only going like leaving going awayforever. how much is bad? say, "people never change" butsome tend to dissolve into woodwork, take power without having need to it. havingjust been asked what fester means, solaugh & remember your struggle in the water like a tortoise in the water treadingi am cunning so we are dead & sometimesit is difficult when every thing is comingapart with truth. i have nothing & neither do we but this is my infinite authentic choicemy own meal, my one song
superman fuck mei absolutely love when you are crying i love when you cry i love watching you cry i love it i love you crying i love you watching i am crying i love you
PrayerYou are the daybut laughing & few spreadwhat i am told are branches, let 'em & keep goodness bury - surround us, hungry ghosts of familiarity but waking onlywant & its cohorts for there's nothingmore perfect than a descant like oneor two harps, sisters pluckflourishes high in memory but i mustsip just some of the signaturecups
every day is horror in generalhow am i supposed to tell you about it i haven't seen iti haven't killed anyone not directly, but i know i've done my part & i know you've done yours.water in my nosescaredy llama in my heart with numb stroke handstell me when; i am bad at logistics right now i can't even be sure i'm typing thisit's in your face but you grab itwhatever you grab, in your face, drops the whole of things into a tiny glass under a roof drippingi've seen you nurse & lick your shamewhat i am up to hours spent nestling, pounding in the phrases
my voice comes. you are correct, i am not very happy. you hear it, i wasn't trying to hide ityou won't see any worth come ofthis until you bite bigplease aware yourselves: it's not like i'm doing nothing in the mean mean time, not like i'm at no ranch with no robot- i am rolling out the rude carpeti am only because i am appalled, ye olde rustic food drought clink dog please whyyou breakin' he blind!
*makes fun of youi hate the bees don't goad methe spot is sweet & full as brassthe flight short, glisten,howl out the cage in gleeso thin & fragile, bellsi forget all day- all week i forget! superdelegates crawling insideeach body stuck when & where they arethere is no good thereat least, there ain't for me or other folks i knowi think of spendingtime with other kinds of folks but i just don't know
my love has worn me down the tide is a breath quickening i stand at the pale shore awake, soft & adoredhills roll & with wildsilence on their backsthere stretches now fogthere is no panic
Party Shrapnelwe are become a namemy life is the same life passing stones, leafing lees access is limited for our hearts ever are hungrythree days latermy right thigh spasms &one pretty, knotted little vein pumps out my head like an wormkind of flat-washedcould else i say how i dobut lie in the tiltinstalled in all earthly spacesi have taken to eating once morethe bright, irradiated edges of the film infesting my memory & oh!it is dustyglitter in my palmsi lick up the sugar & plot my waves
motivational speaking for scared bridesis just like you said, you spend yourwhole life thinking about your wedding day & then one day it is your wedding day& everybody looks at you at the sametime, while you try your best too, lookingthe happiest you have ever looked, dancing the very best you have ever danced, but you can't watch. you don't look & you can't dance & you don't have dads who can't dance what shame, what utter shame. get your gloves on & do it right this time. scream! sleep on it use your face, use your feet, use anything you can do better. you can do better than that bury him.
i have forgotten how to slamdance when i say jump you say jump around stick your little hops to bizetlaughter is only the half of it the other half is what sucks the other half is life-every time i see you fallingit's 'cause i pushed you from the ledge myself there is something about you that makes me sweatit is only an onstage kiss, where are youcow. i miss you like a speeding cheetah & some overrated cherry blossoms. graze with mefor five minutes more i am begging you with my cub's scruff in my teeth. you could give me blueberries & i could give you blueberriesyou'd turn in to the good witch &we would drown in all the porridge
i was on the train & i'd taken too much medicine again, not an act of desperation only wanted to float a little higherbut anything can breed contempti wonder how i would have finished any of the thoughts but i didn't knowa thing then! & i know even less now but some things feel out of an handful of our lives, so real & and outrageous & sad but the answer is no as big asthe pyramids i don't want to hear youdon't believe me i want to hear thatyou believe me! i can be an hurricane sometimes, i know how big a letter can be i don't want to shake up anything, so what if i'm a little mixed up most of alli just don't want it to be afternoon,feeling rotten but on a moment-to-moment breath-by-breath basis stuffed, with undying joy you want to joyfully un-die with me
don't be angry at the pronouns, we madepromises. vague, vague promises we surrendered & they lapped us up while we put banners everywhere, zoning out staring into endless forces of pain you don't believe me, you believethem. even though you were sent to an office, even though you were an opening even though you were something to travel throughto someone
the problems are not here. the solutions are hideous & hideously here,birth was given to you, a dream before death as they say iscool & still as the nightjangle me silothrough the long wood runningcome rain come distancesob of brancheslone on plaini can never make up my mind about how we're all mad, swooning everywhere
i hope we rot out spaceeventually we find out that of course, every thing sinister is going on. every thing is sinister &we are derangedwe are a cupcake full of joy,a path of stupor or of ballast-a ladder wrung by gold,a brainthankfully tame, goes ballistic.i set some firesyou look happy, chemicals. you look true
i don't pretend there isa place to come fromi simply hide & erron the side of whatdon't come to me, all i have encountered come this confused sprawled in some ether: appalled & distorted,treasured, agape.do you make a promiseis a place waitingare you the person pushingis he shrinking into a placethat was ours forgive my teething all over again? i learn, expel what i need i need not& what i've seed i have seed not. who is ranting my private dings outside for everyone to hear? they won't have none harassedat no parade
i have been awake for only three minutes so far this awful morning, the only thought i haveyet had, clearly the only one that clearly came was fuck you. i can't believe how much i hate you& i'm not sure who i was talking to& am still disappointed i had to start my dayin a moment like this i save these momentsfor afternoon at least, when an unexpectedspasm of hate just sails into me & i don't know why because there just never is a way out of this rat kingi am not excluded from nothing, not excused by no bodybut aye-aye-aye ! these spirits i amonly telling them myself; perform there right in front of me. whistle whistle
little bean stainmiddle of a dove, right side up you get the rascal's portiona kind beatheartin a twist-tiefeltsuper-songhum crum,pint-sizedpeace out
a mind waddles, shift by shift until an exit is found aye, seek patience lest ye be judged in the crow's courtthe cry knows it hurtits kin stops its wretched grindingshows much ugliness & ecstasy& weight, as usualwhat of tragedy?there is little time to share with one another giggle giggle droughti am trying to convince myselfi shouldn't eat anymorecookiesi kiss the vodka & we yodel you cut me & i love iti try to remember all the ways we know a little death. toward the end thereare always portraits of the beginning
we had everything we needed exactly at the time we needed itswans it has always been so strange to be here on earthit is the same. people are the worst, no matter what ilove them i pity their bodies, my head is a cabaret of pain live, eat, hate. they never stay in my jewelry boxor in the jewelry bag, or on my body.giverywhere. come now & keep good company after dark there is in keeping a friend right in frontof you, poised at a good time to bite the leftoversslow you down gently. it gets goin' & that's fine.i like to go right up to someone who is making some soup & ask mmm are you making some soup?you know how there are only two kinds of people in this world? where there are only four ways to do anything & thats for me to know, you to find out & you do something wrong oryou do it yourself. wrong. pets run away & everybody pray for you at lunch & i always make sure no one is laughing too hard
we'll forget where the garden iswho could possibly remember the geometry of the murder of the earth?there is any kind of design,but there will no longer be a stagefor the prophecy. you are come into the pastfrightened animals tick tick tick these eyes dancing, terrified lids twisting just needing to be loved (who cannot call these strange seeds of fruit) loved just like everybody else does.
there is no other book to say that other cathedrals fall down ha ha halight attached, no light attached honey never stop cave trolls. all of the policies are bad gracesay it nobody is pressing the button & nowshe is yelling at meevery thing is blowing up & i am not concernedi love the plants that trap bugs, i lovethe plants that are pitchers of joke syrup to drown the fliesi will never tell the future no matter how much the future is there for me
gone to spanecall you upon my returni am screaming with a sail on my backto youi am only sensations state mana passenger through a fancy living ribbonthe past years me & the people i knew only spoke & i wish i could trumpet my return on a tiny day.
you are laughing heavily heavenly you are laughing & i am happyget tired about all i think aboutwas flame to wreathe you round but hesitate, wakeful against these damn flowers blowing in the winds ofhell are trying to hear you sing me drowsy some pure thing wails, some hollowit's a chimneyi have detachment issues i say beauty honey no one is living very carefullywe chase our evenings the bright hands of bells slurp the noises ofwe find nothing ask fornothing we get where the bull dark forever bolds us
what you have to hear is true:the chain is not delicate, the paper doesn't rip the children holding hands are immortal in the foldthe bloody holly & darlings, whom everfast-reaching, immediate, there upon the waking edge yawn wantwish that none else most, worsewhile you are away you must tell at least everyone that you are to return,even if it isn't true
every one wants to come with & the world tunnels in after youmy best friend is leaving today, mustn't court the cape of the earth!what a great misfortune that i am unwilling to behave like other peoplethe party is not cancelled no matter what the party will begin promptly at 9pm
the only thing worse than everybody knowing your name is going where everybody knows your name i do not know why everyone tell everyone else whom to love & how you area terrible lover & you are wholly unattractive you are horrible. well, this is how we are!how can you wear the hat of a killerhow can you wear the clothes of a killer & its hati am coming over the clockwhen, carl? when. i am in my bedi was waiting for you to come overour day begins, homosocially & i make sureyou understand the distinct red herrings of the ritual it's no big deal, i'll never forgive you but it's finelet us about to ripple through a systemnothing is 44 degrees my other sock isred. my other car is a sock
& then you said "what the fuckis this dream we woke up for," or something and "there is no guilt in desire"you were alive but it was only a nightmare i said, it must be a relief notbeing with a professional whoworks with professionals*wild turkey finish official mickey mouse leather jacketit's just bounty original not the fancy bounty
manrayun restrome was builtin like a second
i ran into jon, so watch outit's only 3 pm & it's getting darkit rained all over the country today& i found my two spare pairs of glasses to which i carried sentimental attachmentsi convince myself that some intensities whilst human, are slowly diminishing yet my trouble will be providedi decide to stay on this planetwhich is by no means given & i am notout of the question through these crisesto function cooperatively with completevoid of perspective to matter even hobgoblins, little minds, foolish consistencies thereof
sweeping the contents aside the coffee-blue bag out ofhis pocket apart brown shreds softly between his mouth & quickly twiddled the cornerat feet fished a book his breast heaved a second before laughing gently
the ocean of chemical cane i was myself going through multiplicitous places& thinking of an arsonistnodhow does it work?do you get a bubble? they watch moths.barren = richcome home to die creamy exploited,wasting with fat
well, it'stoo bad you broughtwith you those diorites my brother. so whatman, so what? i amlying to you or my motives toward any place are scripted, & senseless or, if that's not a joke, actually nonexistent. it makes no difference
pain is certaintyhabits formi try strongly to affect myselfbut i'm just not surprised anymoreeverybody's seen, the sand& water rushing up this is a beachhow i could have eked& disappeared today's luck, circumstance - all of it the grand gong stands on two feet & we dress before we do. walk out of your house!just walk out of your house & writea sonnet about anything poor,this is a detail: i do not detail, i allude
bury yourself (windows somehow) how, canyon? ask mei don't know how to touch you& am (sailing in cycles through the rain & gust) : without breath hell for me advance llamakids messed up. broke up the kids are gone. i said,& i explained, dangerous- ly, "whatever you say, i don't mind, & i'll be around like take everyone's blood pressure day"i want & i cave, wide-eye watch that bird
things call up on my earsthe very kind smile of an escaped criminalnot once. we all were then quiet & for a long time we remembered the things we didevery interaction is too closely linked, thematically,for me to be alive. too perfect. i don't buy it.the dowsing lamps are dreaming mei have come thou hast!there's a windowwe can drop our brothers out of it.
untangling knots on the concrete meeting people, milking friends snapping bones out on the lamb everyone asking me for favorsin the water, there's a dreamburns like fire so? lest i kill theein my fury & i am breathing in vapors of my most important papersseek me not within a tomb oo girl you are, just cutting my skin
memorize somethinghelp meif i am trying i don't think there is no such thing as order there are no more dreams heydo i write it the way i read itthe voice french technothe first pagegoing over an waterfall, yeah that's what it is like,likealoud?i am only waiting for something vulgar, & horrible yes to happen
you're getting therei am getting there toopass yourself to each new vessel race across the lips tired faintsyou want language, poof you got iti gave you a green bug it was deadin the daytime, it was your namesake*chomps on some volunteerspeople seem surprised at & surprisingly uninterested in deathyour messages are late & they all sound like carrots i am waiting for the present ever-blinking comedy which i promise gets so annoying when you notice nobody noticing that we are at least pretendingto smile, scraping some quota along the bottom of our guts, caking & smearing the surface indistinguishable
i don't mean for offensive people ever find their way here, they just keep showing up.some of these chairs are cheap, you can wait in them for fifty bucksgod knows it's always something *leaps from a tower in a suit of wingsour ancestors didn't have timingso yes, i do some projecting but were never braided in meshitting stars, slaying harpies in nightmares of deadly jewels & the words I read change me! after all,the growing i will tirelessly endureslave to mystery, beating to death strange drums
it could be good if you kept screaming stop saying it, you keep saying itstop all it-sayings before i count to three! we are not factsbut i cannot guarantee we are celebrations usually just a stained glass ornament& a soul is in the silly thingwe short, circuitous twangs or blips alarm, award & disease grip our gutswhat is important: hats on your head, masks on your face lick up your chancesthe mild, the timid &strange air notto disclose what wreaths arrive when, guessing is part of the experience. so what! the milk is tinyit fends for itself. our whiskers at the captain's call
whether or not ratty white experts show up for us know we will be dead to all of you then, hurrahthere is no way you are retaining this memory which of us nerves calling which of us rescuethere is little timeyetyour divining is rabid. i am made a hapless wilt in the sun what vineain't longer wrappedprecious in your pocket & only shining veryhard at you, shining back happy to know youever so how i come miss you ever like just put mearound no thing am i a twisted earwig pressed.